congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r. 's alleged in the class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged in the class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction ours alleged in the class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r. 's alleged in a class action suit
congressional tax experts said that chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r. 's alleged in the class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged in a class action suit
congressional tax experts said that chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged in the class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction ours alleged in a class action suit
congressional tax experts said that chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction ours alleged in the class action suit
congressional tax experts said that chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r. 's alleged in a class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction r. 's alleged in the class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r. 's alleged in that class action suit
congressional tax experts said that chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged in a class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable is the circumstances of the transaction r. 's alleged in the class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged in the class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction ours alleged in the class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction r. 's alleged in a class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged in a class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction ours alleged in a class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction r. 's alleged in that class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged in that class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction are as alleged in the class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged in that class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged in the class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction r. 's alleged in the class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction ours alleged in the class action suits
congressional tax experts said that chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r. 's alleged in the class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r. 's alleged in the class action suits
congressional tax experts said that chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction ours alleged in the class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction ours alleged in that class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged in the class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction ours alleged in the class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction are as alleged in a class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged into class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged into class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged and the class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction r. 's alleged in a class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged and a class action suit
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged in that class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction ours alleged in that class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged in a class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged in a class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction ours alleged in a class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction are as alleged in a class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged into class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable in the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged into class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged and the class action suits
congressional tax experts said the chester bonds would be taxable if the circumstances of the transaction r.s alleged and a class action suits
