about three point five billion of securities are affected
about three point five billion and securities are affected
about three point five billion as securities are affected
about three point five billion s. securities are affected
about three point five billion have securities are affected
about three point five billion debt securities are affected
about three point five billion at securities are affected
at about three point five billion of securities are affected
about three point five billion on securities are affected
about three point five billion out securities are affected
about three point five billion had securities are affected
about three point five billion of securities are infected
about three point five billion an securities are affected
about three point five billion adds securities are affected
the about three point five billion of securities are affected
about three point five billion ads securities are affected
in about three point five billion of securities are affected
in about three point five billion and securities are affected
in about three point five billion as securities are affected
in about three point five billion s. securities are affected
in about three point five billion have securities are affected
in about three point five billion debt securities are affected
in about three point five billion at securities are affected
in about three point five billion on securities are affected
in about three point five billion out securities are affected
in about three point five billion had securities are affected
in about three point five billion of securities are infected
in about three point five billion an securities are affected
in about three point five billion adds securities are affected
in about three point five billion ads securities are affected
in about three point five billion f. securities are affected
in about three point five billion ad securities are affected
in about three point five billion add securities are affected
in about three point five billion has securities are affected
in about three point five billion n. securities are affected
in about three point five billion pounds securities are affected
in about three point five billion pound securities are affected
in about three point five billion a securities are affected
in about three point five billion in securities are affected
in about three point five billion tons securities are affected
in about three point five million of securities are affected
in about three point five billion held securities are affected
in about three point five million of securities are infected
