volume was heavy at all one hundred and twenty nine issues that traded posted declines
volume was heavy at all one hundred twenty nine issues that traded posted declines
volume was heavy an all one hundred and twenty nine issues that traded posted declines
volume was heavy an all one hundred twenty nine issues that traded posted declines
volume was heavy and all one hundred and twenty nine issues that traded posted declines
volume was heavy at all one hundred and twenty nine issues that trade it posted declines
volume was heavy at all one hundred and twenty nine issues that traded posting declines
volume was heavy and all one hundred twenty nine issues that traded posted declines
volume was heavy in all one hundred and twenty nine issues that traded posted declines
volume was heavy at all one hundred twenty nine issues that trade it posted declines
volume was heavy at all one hundred twenty nine issues that traded posting declines
volume was having an all one hundred and twenty nine issues that traded posted declines
volume was heavy in all one hundred twenty nine issues that traded posted declines
volume was heavy at all one hundred and twenty nine issues it traded posted declines
volume was heavy at all one hundred and twenty nine issues they traded posted declines
volume was heavy at all one hundred in twenty nine issues that traded posted declines
volume was having an all one hundred twenty nine issues that traded posted declines
volume was having an all one hundred twenty nine issues that trade it posted declines
volume was heavy in all one hundred twenty nine issues that trade it posted declines
volume was having an all one hundred twenty nine issues that traded posting declines
volume was heavy in all one hundred twenty nine issues that traded posting declines
volume was heavy and all one hundred twenty nine issues that trade it posted declines
volume was heavy and all one hundred twenty nine issues that traded posting declines
volume was having an all one hundred twenty nine issues it traded posted declines
volume was heavy at all one hundred twenty nine issues it traded posted declines
volume was having an all one hundred twenty nine issues they traded posted declines
volume was heavy in all one hundred twenty nine issues it traded posted declines
volume was heavy at all one hundred twenty nine issues they traded posted declines
volume was having an all one hundred twenty nine issues the traded posted declines
volume was heavy in all one hundred twenty nine issues they traded posted declines
volume was heavy and all one hundred twenty nine issues it traded posted declines
volume was heavy at all one hundred twenty nine issues the traded posted declines
volume was heavy and all one hundred twenty nine issues they traded posted declines
volume was having an all one hundred twenty nine issues the trade it posted declines
volume was heavy and all one hundred twenty nine issues the traded posted declines
volume was heavy at all one hundred twenty nine issues the trade it posted declines
volume was heavy and all one hundred twenty nine issues the trade it posted declines
