only one actually took the course while the rest plans to use the money to buy a plane
only one actually took the course while the rest plans to use the money to buy airplane
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to buy a plane
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to buy airplane
only one actually took the course while the rest plans to use the money to buy a plain
only one actually took the course while the rest plans to use the money to buy plain
only one actually took the course while the rest plans to use the money to buy plane
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to buy a plain
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to buy plain
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to buy plane
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to buy air plane
only one actually took the course while the rest plans to use the money to buy air plane
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to by a plane
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to by a plain
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to by applying
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to buy planes
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to buy a. plane
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to buy applying
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to buy the plane
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to buy a planning
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to buy it plain
only one actually took the course while the rest planned to use the money to buy a plan
